Updated for the 2.6 main release (#4402)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/titles/release-notes/topics/aap-26-deprecated-features.adoc

The RPM installer will be supported for RHEL 9 during the lifecycle of {PlatformNameShort} 2.6 to support migrations to existing supported topologies. Users are encouraged to migrate to the containerized topology on RHEL or to the {OCPShort} Operator installation method. See the support matrix for more information on upgrade and migration paths.

|Ansible-core
a|
[source, python]
----
uri module: 
    - Using 'yes' or 'no' for 'follow_redirects' parameter is deprecated.
yum_repository:
    - deprecated parameters:
        - 'keepcache'
        - 'async'
        - "deltarpm_metadata_percentage"
        - "gpgcakey"
        - "http_caching"
        - "keepalive"
        - "metadata_expire_filter"
        - "mirrorlist_expire"
        - "protect"
        - "ssl_check_cert_permissions"
        - "ui_repoid_vars"` 
url lookup: 
    - Using `yes` or `no` for `follow_redirects` parameter is deprecated.
----

|Execution environment
|Removing `cisco.asa` from ee-supported as it is being deprecated

Removing `ibm.qradar` from ee-supported as it is being deprecated

|Certified Collections

> |An `ansible.platform` collection is available as the preferred collection to replace the service-specific `ansible.controller`, `ansible.hub`, and `ansible.eda` collections. These service-specific collections will be replaced by `ansible.platform` after 2.6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|An `ansible.platform` collection is available as the preferred collection to replace the service-specific `ansible.controller`, `ansible.hub`, and `ansible.eda` collections. These service-specific collections will be replaced by `ansible.platform` after {PlatformVers}.
```
